I am Antonio Carlucci welcome to my
kitchen I show you how to make the real
carbonara most of the people are get it
wrong and let me show you why
now this is boiling water to which we
add in the ratio of 10 grams per liter
water so as to be like this and
immediately then we put in as to be
boiling the pasta in this case is sort
of
spagett Toni the biggest size of
spaghetti while this is cooking it takes
a good 10 minutes and no oil please no
oil you don't need it you just need to
stir a little bit when it's in it and
that's it now for the original carbonara
you need the guanciale which is the
chief to poultry and the Romans they are
very special in that because they do it
they cure it like ham or like pancetta
and it's very tender very tasty and
tender now you have to cut it in chunks
you can use naturally also unchecked the
normal pancetta which is this one here
but I like the one charlie when I hear
it obviously and this is the recipe for
two people big chunks the Romans they
are made for this pasta if there is a
Roman faster this this one here this
quite a lot for two people let's see and
the only thing you have to do now to
make the sauce is to take good olive oil
put in a pan
they're young put the guanciale into
that and this is the beginning of the
source and mostly also the end of it
because the rest is coming here into
that bowl and now you take some good
eggs and for two people you take two
eggs or lovely color look at this to be
a little bit naughty I take just the
yolk and we beat it
so these you don't have any any any
cream absolutely forbidden so this is
the beginning of the sauce so we put a
bit of parmesan
at the in Roma they use also pecorino
cheese which is a cheese to be grated
they are fresh pecorino and age category
but it's lovely to have this abundant
pepper and another stir and this is the
source
I wouldn't put any salt here because the
bacon here it's a quite salty sir
preserved he reduced it a little bit
because I'm going to see what the pastor
does I can see it is still stiff so I
could eat back again another three or
four minutes now here's the baton that
it's produced also quite a lot of fat
should you be not wanting the fat I show
you a little trick here we are and do
this you absorb a little bit of the fat
and you take it out like this very
simple so the pasta seems to be doing
well here the taste now should be enough
I switched off the guanciale because
it's too hot ends is exactly what I
don't want to be too hot so now I take
the pasta and I put it into the yes and
you flavor it like this you let it cool
down in doing this and it shouldn't be
too hot because what is going to happen
now should be the temperature enough to
coat the egg around the pasta and now it
comes to yes the resistance the actual
sauce there you are and now we stir it
like this this usually by this stage the
heat is so much in the wrong cooking
that the egg
with some scrambled eggs not too
scrambling and this is the carbonara and
now the last touch which is the
embellishment Parmesan or pecorino
depending what you write and in my
opinion also a nice touch of pepper
this is decoration for me and this is
the real carbonara the only one and this
exactly or should it be creamy without
adding cream because this is the usual
thing like this is just fantastic
hmm cameraman everybody you should taste
is just wonderful
you